Proofreading MO Guide (#11605)
openvinotoolkit/openvino: docs/MO_DG/prepare_model/convert_model/tf_specific/Convert_BERT_From_Tensorflow.md

# Converting a TensorFlow BERT Model {#openvino_docs_MO_DG_prepare_model_convert_model_tf_specific_Convert_BERT_From_Tensorflow}

Pretrained models for BERT (Bidirectional Encoder Representations from Transformers) are
[publicly available](https://github.com/google-research/bert).

## <a name="supported_models"></a>Supported Models

> The following models from the [pretrained BERT model list](https://github.com/google-research/bert#pre-trained-models) are currently supported:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following models from the pretrained [BERT model list](https://github.com/google-research/bert#pre-trained-models) are currently supported:
```

* `bert_model.ckpt.meta`
* `vocab.txt`

Pretrained model meta-graph files are `bert_model.ckpt.*`.

## Converting a TensorFlow BERT Model to IR

To generate the BERT Intermediate Representation (IR) of the model, run Model Optimizer with the following parameters:
```sh
 mo \
--input_meta_graph uncased_L-12_H-768_A-12/bert_model.ckpt.meta \
--output bert/pooler/dense/Tanh                                 \
--input Placeholder{i32},Placeholder_1{i32},Placeholder_2{i32}
```

Pretrained models are not suitable for batch reshaping out-of-the-box because of multiple hardcoded shapes in the model.

> # Converting a Reshape-able TensorFlow BERT Model to IR

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# Converting a Reshapable TensorFlow BERT Model to IR
```

> Follow these steps to make a pretrained TensorFlow BERT model reshape-able over batch dimension:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Follow these steps to make a pretrained TensorFlow BERT model reshapable over batch dimension:
```
